SENT-END        sil
SENT-START      sil
a               _a a
ai              _a ai
an              _a an
ang             _a ang
ao              _a ao
ba              b a
bai             b ai
ban             b an
bang            b ang
bao             b ao
bei             b ei
ben             b en
beng            b eng
bi              b i
bian            b ian
biao            b iao
bie             b ie
bin             b in
bing            b ing
bo              b o
bu              b u
ca              c a
cai             c ai
can             c an
cang            c ang
cao             c ao
ce              c e
ceng            c eng
cha             ch a
chai            ch ai
chan            ch an
chang           ch ang
chao            ch ao
che             ch e
chen            ch en
cheng           ch eng
chi             ch i2
chong           ch ong
chou            ch ou
chu             ch u
chuan           ch uan
chuang          ch uang
chui            ch uei
chun            ch uen
chuo            ch uo
ci              c i1
cong            c ong
cou             c ou
cu              c u
cuan            c uan
cui             c uei
cun             c uen
cuo             c uo
da              d a
dai             d ai
dan             d an
dang            d ang
dao             d ao
de              d e
dei             d ei
deng            d eng
di              d i
dian            d ian
diao            d iao
die             d ie
ding            d ing
diu             d iou
dong            d ong
dou             d ou
du              d u
duan            d uan
dui             d uei
dun             d uen
duo             d uo
e               _e e
ei              _e ei
en              _e en
er              _e er
fa              f a
fan             f an
fang            f ang
fei             f ei
fen             f en
feng            f eng
fo              f o
fou             f ou
fu              f u
gai             g ai
gan             g an
gang            g ang
gao             g ao
ge              g e
gei             g ei
gen             g en
geng            g eng
gong            g ong
gou             g ou
gu              g u
gua             g ua
guai            g uai
guan            g uan
guang           g uang
gui             g uei
gun             g uen
guo             g uo
ha              h a
hai             h ai
han             h an
hang            h ang
hao             h ao
he              h e
hei             h ei
hen             h en
heng            h eng
hong            h ong
hou             h ou
hu              h u
hua             h ua
huai            h uai
huan            h uan
huang           h uang
hui             h uei
hun             h uen
huo             h uo
ji              j i
jia             j ia
jian            j ian
jiang           j iang
jiao            j iao
jie             j ie
jin             j in
jing            j ing
jiu             j iou
ju              j v
juan            j van
jue             j ve
jun             j vn
ka              k a
kai             k ai
kan             k an
kang            k ang
kao             k ao
ke              k e
ken             k en
keng            k eng
kong            k ong
kou             k ou
ku              k u
kua             k ua
kuai            k uai
kuan            k uan
kuang           k uang
kui             k uei
kun             k uen
kuo             k uo
la              l a
lai             l ai
lan             l an
lang            l ang
lao             l ao
le              l e
lei             l ei
leng            l eng
li              l i
lia             l ia
lian            l ian
liang           l iang
liao            l iao
lie             l ie
lin             l in
ling            l ing
liu             l iou
long            l ong
lou             l ou
lu              l u
luan            l uan
lue             l ve
lun             l uen
luo             l uo
lv              l v
ma              m a
mai             m ai
man             m an
mang            m ang
mao             m ao
me              m e
mei             m ei
men             m en
meng            m eng
mi              m i
mian            m ian
miao            m iao
mie             m ie
min             m in
ming            m ing
mo              m o
mou             m ou
mu              m u
na              n a
nai             n ai
nan             n an
nao             n ao
ne              n e
nei             n ei
neng            n eng
ni              n i
nian            n ian
niang           n iang
niao            n iao
nin             n in
ning            n ing
niu             n iou
nong            n ong
nu              n u
nuan            n uan
nue             n ve
nuo             n uo
nv              n v
o               _o o
ou              _o ou
pa              p a
pai             p ai
pan             p an
pang            p ang
pao             p ao
pei             p ei
pen             p en
peng            p eng
pi              p i
pian            p ian
piao            p iao
pin             p in
ping            p ing
po              p o
pou             p ou
pu              p u
qi              q i
qia             q ia
qian            q ian
qiang           q iang
qiao            q iao
qie             q ie
qin             q in
qing            q ing
qiong           q iong
qiu             q iou
qu              q v
quan            q van
que             q ve
qun             q vn
ran             r an
rang            r ang
rao             r ao
re              r e
ren             r en
reng            r eng
ri              r i2
rong            r ong
rou             r ou
ru              r u
ruan            r uan
rui             r uei
run             r uen
ruo             r uo
sa              s a
sai             s ai
san             s an
sang            s ang
sao             s ao
se              s e
sen             s en
sha             sh a
shai            sh ai
shan            sh an
shang           sh ang
shao            sh ao
she             sh e
shen            sh en
sheng           sh eng
shi             sh i2
shou            sh ou
shu             sh u
shua            sh ua
shuai           sh uai
shuan           sh uan
shuang          sh uang
shui            sh uei
shun            sh uen
shuo            sh uo
si              s i1
song            s ong
sou             s ou
su              s u
suan            s uan
sui             s uei
sun             s uen
suo             s uo
ta              t a
tai             t ai
tan             t an
tang            t ang
tao             t ao
te              t e
teng            t eng
ti              t i
tian            t ian
tiao            t iao
tie             t ie
ting            t ing
tong            t ong
tou             t ou
tu              t u
tuan            t uan
tui             t uei
tun             t uen
tuo             t uo
wa              _w ua
wai             _w uai
wan             _w uan
wang            _w uang
wei             _w uei
wen             _w uen
weng            _w ueng
wo              _w uo
wu              _w u
xi              x i
xia             x ia
xian            x ian
xiang           x iang
xiao            x iao
xie             x ie
xin             x in
xing            x ing
xiong           x iong
xiu             x iou
xu              x v
xuan            x van
xue             x ve
xun             x vn
ya              _y ia
yan             _y ian
yang            _y iang
yao             _y iao
ye              _y ie
yi              _y i
yin             _y in
ying            _y ing
yong            _v iong
you             _y iou
yu              _v v
yuan            _v van
yue             _v ve
yun             _v vn
za              z a
zai             z ai
zan             z an
zang            z ang
zao             z ao
ze              z e
zei             z ei
zen             z en
zeng            z eng
zha             zh a
zhai            zh ai
zhan            zh an
zhang           zh ang
zhao            zh ao
zhe             zh e
zhen            zh en
zheng           zh eng
zhi             zh i2
zhong           zh ong
zhou            zh ou
zhu             zh u
zhua            zh ua
zhuan           zh uan
zhuang          zh uang
zhui            zh uei
zhun            zh uen
zhuo            zh uo
zi              z i1
zong            z ong
zou             z ou
zu              z u
zuan            z uan
zui             z uei
zun             z uen
zuo             z uo
